hey what's up everybody and welcome to
more Ark survival evolved in this latest
patch they've introduced this cute
little thing now I know everybody's been
expecting a rock collector and don't get
me wrong this will do the job
not quite the way you expected but he
will do it they've got some nice little
colors and this is one of the guys that
leveled up a little bit now if you look
at his stats I put his weight up a
little bear put his damage and
everything so you can do plenty damage
and it can get to work while we go on
about other business that they've
introduced in this latest batch now it's
not the fastest of the things out there
is pretty fast
for what it is I mean it starts off
about 200-250 percent speed or something
like that because he is fairly slow so
once we set in to enable wandering and
you're getting close enough to some
rocks it will start doing its business
there and then we can just go back do it
our business and you'll start just
hitting rocks on his own and it's now
gonna go around and collect him like you
have the ape collecting Bigfoot
collecting fiber for you but you'll do a
little job for you and still get you
plenty of rock so there you go just sit
him next to some rocks take him in a
mountain somewhere when there's like
plenty of rocks around enable wandering
on him just let him do his business and
that's it you can see hits in a couple
of things that's good we'll get back to
him a little bit later on now if you get
back to when you look throughout the
wild you will be able to find something
a little bit more special that's gonna
bring you back a few memories from back
in the old days now those look pretty
cool but if you look over here something
a bit bluish and I'll get to those
plants in a little bit look at that man
that just looks like Sonic the Hedgehog
it looks pretty cool only thing is
missing is doing this
now come on tell me that isn't cool
that's just one thing they really wanted
in a dinosaur survival game
you just wanted Sonic the Hedgehog to
come around and just collect rings for
you he's pretty cool the way it is he's
gonna collect some rocks view he's not
gonna do thousands and thousands of
rocks but he's still gonna do a pretty
good job of collecting a lot of stuff
for you he's also not a bad time kami
this start off with quite decent amount
of health and damage and the speed is
quite good and you can use him like this
to just get away from a fire if you
really want to or you can just go ahead
and road kill certain things like the
little things I mean I've been trying to
play sort of bowling with dodo so dodo
bowling if that makes any sense but it
needs to be a bigger creature in order
for this to register a hit on it little
things like dillos and Dodos and all
that sort of stuff they don't actually
have registered hey you just sort of go
through them so sadly no dodo pollen the
next thing that they've introduced is
this thing here the species explant once
you plant this in a large crop you watch
it grow and then you'll do its business
for you it works just like a normal toy
it does you can have it set to players
to tend creatures only to everything and
once anything gets in the range of it
depending on what range do you have low
medium or high
you'll start hitting everything I mean
if you look at that flyer there he won't
really stand a chance because there's
two of these just shooting the out
of it and boom he's dead that's in
there's another one over there there's
getting hit and that's dead too I mean I
don't know how rare the seed for these
plants is but I suspect that's gonna be
addressed a little bit later on because
that doesn't actually require any ammo
so that's gonna be interesting to see
how they're actually gonna address that
if you haven't picked up Ark survival
evolved yet link in description to my
g2a page you can get it just a little
bit cheaper and let's go ahead and check
this guy out
now remember we lame set to work about I
don't know four minutes or something
like that since the video has been going
and one two three 352 rocks that's not
bad for four or five minutes worth of
work so hope you guys have enjoyed the
video give it a thumbs up and I'll see
you
in the next one